Add ResizeObserver requirement to README (#632)
dojo/widgets: src/grid/README.md

 * Filtering and Sorting by column
 * Custom cell renderers

## Requirements

> The grid uses the `Resize` meta from `@dojo/framework/widget-core/meta/Resize` internally. For browsers (all but chrome, https://caniuse.com/#feat=resizeobserver) that do not support the `ResizeObserver` API a polyfill is required:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The grid uses the `Resize` meta from `@dojo/framework/widget-core/meta/Resize` internally. For browsers that do not support the `ResizeObserver` API, currently [all except Chrome](https://caniuse.com/#feat=resizeobserver), a polyfill is required:
```

```shell
npm install resize-observer-polyfill@1.5.0 --save-exact
```

> In your application's `main.ts`, this needs to be imported and added to the global if it doesn't already exist:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In your application's `main.ts`, the `Resize` meta needs to be imported and added to the global if the ResizeObserver global does not already exist:
```
